LSO DRAWER TOGGLE FIX V76 — WIDE TOUCH SCREENS (F10)

WHAT WAS FIXED
1. On touch screens wider than 920px — iPad Pro 11" landscape (1194px), iPad Pro 12.9" portrait (1024px), and Surface Pro / touch laptops (1368px) — the hamburger menu button is now visible.
2. On those same devices the side navigation is reachable again. Before this fix the shell correctly switched to drawer mode and parked the sidebar off-canvas, but no control was rendered to bring it back, so Members, Attendance, Duty Hours, Monthly Report, Accounts, Contracts, Interviews and Settings could not be opened at all.
3. The drawer's close button, backdrop, scroll lock, Escape handling and ARIA state now work on wide touch screens too (they were already correct in the V74 drawer layer; only the toggle was missing).
4. Phones and small tablets are unchanged — the new rule reuses the exact values the existing accessibility layer already applied at 920px and below (inline-grid, 44px minimum touch target).
5. Desktop and laptop users with a mouse are unchanged — no hamburger appears and the sidebar stays docked. The new rule is scoped to coarse pointers only.
6. The audit harness no longer skips the drawer test on wide touch screens. It asks the page which shell it rendered (window.LSOShellLayout) instead of re-declaring its own width-only media query, which is what let this defect pass unnoticed.
7. Two new CI guards were added: G9 (the drawer must be reachable end-to-end on every touch profile) and G10 (a mouse profile must never render the drawer shell).

WHY IT HAPPENED
The drawer, the drawer's close button and all layout JavaScript follow the shell contract
    @media (max-width: 920px), (pointer: coarse)
but the two rules that reveal the hamburger button live in width-only
    @media (max-width: 920px)
blocks, while a global rule hides it everywhere else with display:none !important. Any screen that is touch-driven but wider than 920px therefore got the drawer without the toggle. This is the same contract-drift class as the earlier F0 column-collapse defect, on the CSS side this time.

CHANGED FILES
- lso-ui-bundle-v73.css                     (V76 layer appended — the actual fix)
- responsive-audit/harness.js               (3 drawer gates re-wired to LSOShellLayout)
- responsive-audit/verify-fixes.js          (new F10 probe at 1194/1024/1368 + desktop control)
- responsive-audit/ci-check.js              (new guards G9 and G10)
- index.html                                (cache-busting for the stylesheet and pwa script)
- pwa-enterprise-v41.js                     (ACTIVE_CACHE_MARKER -> drawer-toggle-fix-v76)
- service-worker-enterprise-v41.js          (CACHE_VERSION -> lso-website-v20260913-drawer-toggle-fix-v76)
- service-worker.js                         (legacy worker kept on the same marker)
- RESPONSIVE_DEVICE_AUDIT.md                (F10 finding, guard list, verification status)

DEPLOYMENT
1. Upload every changed file above to the GitHub Pages publishing root, keeping the responsive-audit folder structure.
2. Replace index.html.
3. Confirm the stylesheet link in index.html reads:
   lso-ui-bundle-v73.css?v=20260913-drawer-toggle-fix-v76
4. Wait for the GitHub Pages deployment to complete.
5. On an iPad in landscape or a Surface Pro, open the site and confirm the hamburger appears at the left of the top bar, that tapping it slides the navigation in, and that tapping a menu item navigates and closes the drawer.
6. If a device still shows the old layout, close and reopen the browser or installed app once. The registered service worker serves CSS network-first and the cache marker changed, so the stale caches are purged automatically.

IMPORTANT — SERVICE WORKER NOTE
index.html loads pwa-enterprise-v41.js, which registers service-worker-enterprise-v41.js.
The older service-worker.js file is NOT registered by index.html (only pwa.js references it, and index.html does not load pwa.js). Earlier releases bumped the cache version in service-worker.js only, which did not affect the worker devices actually run. This release bumps the worker that is really registered.

NO DATABASE INSTALLATION
No Supabase SQL update is required. This release changes only the stylesheet, the audit harness and the PWA cache keys.

VERIFICATION STATUS — PLEASE READ
The CSS fix was verified by statically resolving the shipped cascade for all 17 device
profiles (parse the stylesheet, evaluate every enclosing @media per profile, resolve
specificity, !important and source order). Before the fix the three wide touch profiles
resolved the hamburger to display:none; after it they resolve to inline-grid, and the four
mouse profiles are unchanged. The new G9/G10 guards were exercised against pre-fix and
post-fix fixtures: pre-fix fails with 24 violations, post-fix passes.

The full browser matrix was NOT re-run, because the machine that produced this fix has no
Chromium and cannot install one (both the Playwright download CDN and the Debian package
mirrors are unreachable there). Before treating F10 as re-verified in a real browser, run:
    cd responsive-audit
    npm install
    npx playwright-core install chromium
    npm run serve        (in one terminal)
    npm run ci           (in another)
G9 and G10 will fail the build if the drawer is not reachable on any touch profile.
See TEST_RESULTS_DRAWER_TOGGLE_V76.txt for the detail.
